Welcome to Gallery 2.0.  Currently this is in a *very* pre-alpha
state.  I'm still working on the overall framework, and I'm taking the
time to really do it right.  Once I'm satisfied that it's good and
solid, I'll start to add all the various application features.

You should be able to install and play with a new G2 by following
these instructions:

1. Get the latest G2 code

2. Wipe out your existing data tree.  This is not absolutely
necessary, but it's helpful in terms of providing feedback on the
install process.  You should probably wipe your old G2 database, if
you have one, as the data model may change without notice.  If you've
got G2 installed, a fast way to do this is to go to the test harness:

	setup/test/index.php

and run the "EmptyGallery" and then "RemoveStore" tests.  *Note* that
after you run these tests the test harness itself won't work anymore.
You'll have to re-run the setup script (see steps 3 and 4) to be able
to use the test harness again.

3. Copy setup/config.php-dist to gallery/config.php and edit it.
There are instructions in the file.  It should be pretty self
explanatory.  I recommend setting your debug mode to 'buffered' so
that you can see what's happening.

4. Browse to gallery/setup/setup.php and follow its instructions.
They are pretty sparse at the moment, but it *should* walk you through
the process of creating a new data directory and a new database.  If
it fails, you might want to look through the code.  It's entirely in
setup/setup.php

5. Browse to the top level:

	http://your.server/gallery/main.php

   Click the [login] link and enter "admin" as the username and
   your setup password (the one you entered in config.php) as the
   password.  This should log you in.

6. You'll get a [site admin] link at the top.  Click that to go to
   the Gallery Site Administrator.  You can go to it by hand at:

	main.php?g2_view=core:SiteAdmin

   6a.  Go to the 'modules' tab.  Click the 'install' link next
        to NetPBM.  Then click the 'configure' link.  Enter the path
        to your NetPBM binaries and save it.  Repeat until all test
        results are positive.

   6b.  Go to the 'modules' tab.  Click the 'activate' link next to
	NetPBM.

   6c.  Go to the 'modules' tab.  Click the 'install' and then
	'activate' links next to 'comment'.

7. Go back to the top level of the Gallery.  There's no link back
   right now so you have to enter:

	main.php

   by hand.  Click [edit item] and edit the properties of the top
   level album.  When you're done adding photos, click on the icon
   in the top left (or "no thumbnail" if you're at the top level)
   to go back to the main album view.

8. Use the test harness to create a whole bunch of albums and photos
   (this is a nice way to see what a fully populated gallery is going to 
   look like).  Browse to the test harness:

	setup/test/index.php

   7a.  Click the 50, 500, 1K or 10K link next to 'CreateRandomTree'.
	This will create a relatively boring tree of albums and 
	photos for you.

   7b.  Click the 50, 500, 1K or 10K link next to 'CreateRandomUser'.
	This will create a relatively boring user base for you.

8. Go to the main interface:

	main.php

   and browse around.

9. Try adding a comment on an album or item.  

10. Browse back to gallery/main.php and you should be able to 
    see your tree and wander around it.

11. Browse to gallery/main.php?g2_view=core:SiteAdmin and you'll
    see the Site Admin framework.  User and group management are
    functionally complete now.  Try creating and editting users and
    groups, and try adding and removing users from groups.


--- 

11/14/2002

I'm still working on getting the framework just right before I go too far
into any one module.  Clearly there's still a lot of stuff missing.  Some
of it is cosmetic, some of it structural.

* The classic layout is pretty boring.

* Navigation between Site Admin and regular mode needs work

* You can't do much item editting

* After rotating images, they may appear distorted the next time you see
  them (though they should return to normal after reloading the page)

* Uploading is still primitive.

* Haven't yet implemented these features:
	- rating
	- printing
	- slideshow
	- workflow (notifications, moderation, etc)
  These will all be modules and won't require changing the core code.
